cuopt/introduction/introduction.md, before:

# Introduction

## About this Workshop

In this workshop we will run Nvidia container on oci instance with an A10 shape which has GPU. You will launch an A10 instance with oracle linux and run a set of commands to achieve it.

NVIDIA cuOpt is an optimization tool that specializes in routing. It is run as a microservice in the cloud using the container provided. The cuOpt microservice leverages OpenAPI standards, serving endpoints running on port 8000 (by default) to accept optimization input data and return optimized routing solutions.

Estimated Workshop Time: 45 minutes

### Objectives

Objective of this workshop is to set-up Nvidia container on oci instance with an A10 shape which has GPU.

In this workshop, you will learn how to:

* Configure & set-up Nvidia container on oci instance

### Prerequisites

This lab assumes you have:

* An Oracle Cloud account.
* Administrator permissions or permissions to use the OCI Compute, Identity Domains and A10 shapes

## Learn More

* [What is NVIDIA cuOpt?](https://catalog.ngc.nvidia.com/orgs/nvidia/teams/cuopt/containers/cuopt)

You may now proceed to the next lab.

## Acknowledgements

**Authors**

* **Guido Alejandro Ferreyra**, Principal Cloud Architect, NACIE

Commit message:

Fix capitalization of "NVIDIA" in workshop and provisioning documentation

cuopt/introduction/introduction.md, after:

# Introduction

## About this Workshop

In this workshop we will run NVIDIA container on oci instance with an A10 shape which has GPU. You will launch an A10 instance with oracle linux and run a set of commands to achieve it.


Estimated Workshop Time: 45 minutes

### Objectives

Objective of this workshop is to set-up NVIDIA container on oci instance with an A10 shape which has GPU.

In this workshop, you will learn how to:

* Configure & set-up NVIDIA container on oci instance

### Prerequisites

This lab assumes you have:

* An Oracle Cloud account.
* Administrator permissions or permissions to use the OCI Compute, Identity Domains and A10 shapes

## What Is NVIDIA cuOpt?

NVIDIA cuOpt is an open-source, GPU-accelerated engine for decision optimization, excelling in mixed-integer programming (MIP), linear programming (LP), and vehicle routing problems (VRPs). Designed to tackle large-scale problems with millions of variables and constraints, cuOpt enables accelerated decision-making.

NVIDIA cuOpt run as a microservice in the cloud using the container provided. The cuOpt microservice leverages OpenAPI standards, serving endpoints running on port 8000 (by default) to accept optimization input data and return optimized routing solutions.

## How cuOpt Is Being Used

### Supply Chain Management
Optimizing resource allocation in complex supply chains requires efficiently distributing limited resources while adapting to real-time changes.

### Fleet Management
Efficient scheduling and route planning are essential for managing inbound and outbound transportation of goods and vehicles, especially for long-haul fleets. 

### Last-Mile Delivery
Efficiently dispatching truck fleets from distribution centers to retail stores and end customers is critical for minimizing costs and meeting delivery expectations.


## Learn More

* [What is NVIDIA cuOpt?](https://catalog.ngc.NVIDIA.com/orgs/NVIDIA/teams/cuopt/containers/cuopt)

You may now proceed to the next lab.

## Acknowledgements

**Authors**

* **Guido Alejandro Ferreyra**, Principal Cloud Architect, NACIE
